By entering the following site you are agreeing to the following:

You are not affiliated with any government, ANTI-Piracy group, Windows Microsoft Inc or any other related group, or were formally a worker/employee of one. If you fit this category you are not permitted to enter the site, access any of its files nor view any of the HTML/PHP files. If you break these rules you are violating code 431.322.12 of the Internet Privacy Act signed by Bill Clinton in 1995 and that means that you CANNOT threaten our ISP(s) or any person(s) or company storing these files, and cannot prosecute any person(s) affiliated with this page which includes family, friends or individuals who run or enter this web site. You understand that all of the content or knowledge gained on this site is for educational or promotional purposes only. Nothing should be used in any way to harm anyone nor anything (such as computer systems). If you choose to use the information you have learnt here for illegal activities then you must suffer the consequences, we are not at all to blame. That you will not download any files from this server. The files here are all here for private reasons and should be viewed by no means by the public. Accessing and downloading anything from our archives breaks this rule and you are liable for prosecution. These are the file formats which you are forbidden to access or download in any way: Picture Files .jpegs .gifs .bmp .png Executables .exe .com .vbs .zip .ace .rar Music Files .MP3 .MPEG .WMA .MPG Video Files .MPEG .MOV .AVI Text Files .txt .wrd .doc .pdf We choose to use certain picture files on our HTML pages, these pictures have been classed as acceptable for public viewing and are allowed. You will not harm anyone who visits this site, not send them unwanted emails nor 'flame' them in our forum's and chat rooms. You are responsible for keeping up to date with these terms and conditions, if you fail to do so and break them in any way the you are liable for prosecution. Before you can enter this site, you must BE OVER THE AGE OF 18, and agree to our "Disclaimer". By clicking enter you have agreed that you are over 18(you must be over 18 due to adult material on this site), and that you agree and understand this "Disclaimer". David Fagan, Owner (Fagan-1.Com)